Edited azure-container-apps/README.md for style and consistency (#290)
1Password/scim-examples: azure-container-apps/README.md

    1. **Name**: Enter `op-scim-redis`.
    2. **Image source**: Choose **Docker Hub or other registries**.
    3. **Image and tag:** Enter `redis`.
    4. **CPU and Memory**: Choose **0.25 CPU cores, 0.5 Gi memory**.
    5. **Command override**: Enter `redis-server, --maxmemory 256mb, --maxmemory-policy volatile-lru, --save ""`
3. Click **Review + create** at the bottom of the page. When the page loads, click **Create.**

After the deployment is complete, click **Go to resource**, then continue to step 2.

## Step 2: Create a secret for your `scimsession` credentials

1. Choose **Secrets** from the Settings section in the sidebar.
2. Click **Add**, then enter `scimsession` in the Key field.
3. Paste the plain-text contents of the `scimession` file into the **Value** field.
4. Choose **Add**, then wait until the secret is created.

## Step 3: Deploy the SCIM bridge container

1. Choose **Add** > **App container**.
2. Adjust the following:
    1. **Name**: Enter `op-scim-bridge`.
    2. **Image source**: Choose **Docker Hub or other registries**.
    3. **Image and tag**: Enter `1password/scim:v2.9.0`.
    4. **CPU cores**: Enter `0.25`
    5. **Memory (Gi)**: Enter `0.5`.

> 3. Choose "Volume mounts". Click "Create new volume". Adjust the following:

Reviewer: Thanks for catching this as well. I think we don't usually say "link" after instructing someone to click on text, so I'd prefer:

```suggestion
3. Choose "Volume mounts". Under **Secrets**, click "Create new volume". Adjust the following:
```

But I'll leave it up to Jacob to make the call.

> 3. Choose "Volume mounts". Click "Create new volume". Adjust the following:

Reviewer 2: This is odd, on the call with customer (sadly no recording), the three volume sections were broken into three categories (File Shares, Ephemeral Storage and Secrets) and not how we see it. 
This is how we see adding a volume and selecting create new volume. 
![Create New Volume](https://github.com/1Password/scim-examples/assets/106387451/9c638573-97ab-4cbb-ac1f-f2cd19399137)

> 3. Choose "Volume mounts". Click "Create new volume". Adjust the following:

Author: Thanks for that recording @black-bryan! Let's do this:

```suggestion
3. Choose "Volume mounts", then click "Create new volume" below Secrets. Adjust the following:
```

    1. **Volume type**: Choose Secret.
    2. **Name**: Enter `credentials`.
    3. **Mount all secrets:** should already be selected, but select it if is not.
4. Click **Add** to save the volume specification. You should see the new `credentials` volume listed under "Volume name".
5. Enter `/home/opuser/.op` in the **Mount path** field for this volume.
6. Click **Create**.

## Step 4: Enable ingress to your SCIM bridge

1. Wait for the notification that the revision deployment was successful, then choose **Ingress** from the Settings section in the sidebar.
2. Select **Enabled** to allow and configure ingress. Adjust the following:
    1. **Ingress traffic**: Choose **Accepting traffic from anywhere**.
    2. **Client certificate mode**: Choose **Ignore**.
    3. **Target port**: Enter `3002`.
3. Click **Save**.

## Step 5: Test your SCIM bridge

> To test if your SCIM bridge is online, choose **Overview** in your application's sidebar, then click **Application Url**. This URL is your SCIM bridge domain. You should be able to enter your bearer token to verify that your SCIM bridge is up and running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test if your SCIM bridge is online, choose **Overview** in your application's sidebar, then click your **Application Url** link. This URL is your SCIM bridge domain. You should be able to enter your bearer token to verify that your SCIM bridge is up and running.
```

2. Choose **Secrets** from the Settings section in the sidebar.
3. Open the key file generated by Google for your service account you saved to your computer in [6.1](#61-get-your-google-workspace-service-account-key).
4. Click **Add** to create a secret for the credentials file, then fill out the following fields:
    1. **Key**: Enter `workspace-credentials`.
    2. **Value**: Copy the entire contents of the key file. Paste it into this field.
5. Click **Add**, then wait until the secret is created.
6. Open the settings file you edited in [6.2](#62-download-and-edit-the-google-workspace-settings-template).
7. Click **Add** to create another secret for the settings file, then fill out the following fields:
    1. **Key**: Enter `workspace-settings`.
    2. **Value**: Copy the entire contents of the settings file. Paste it into this field.
8. Click **Add**, then wait until the secret is created.

#### 6.4: Connect your SCIM Bridge to Google Workspace

1. Choose **Containers** from the Application section in the sidebar.
2. Click **Edit and deploy**
3. Choose **Volumes**.

> 4. Hover over the **credentials** volume and select it to edit the volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Click on the **credentials** volume listed to edit the volume.
```

Reviewer: I think this is how it should be to align with other steps in the doc and our style guide:

```suggestion
4. Hover over the **credentials** volume and click it to edit the volume.
```

Reviewer 2: @Penderworth Leaving this one to you to align with our best practices style guide wise. 
![credentials step](https://github.com/1Password/scim-examples/assets/106387451/844b1ea8-100b-4c19-822a-2562858423e7)

- You don't need to manage a DNS record. Azure Container Apps automatically provides a unique one for your SCIM bridge domain.
- Azure Container Apps automatically handles TLS certificate management on your behalf.
- The SCIM bridge can be deployed directly to Azure from the Portal using this guide or via the Azure Shell or command line tools in your local terminal using the [support guide](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-azure/). There is no requirement to clone this repository.

**Table of contents:**

- [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
- [Step 1: Configure the `scimsession` credentials](#step-1-configure-the-scimsession-credentials)
- [Step 2: Create the container app](#step-2-create-the-container-app)
- [Step 3: Configure and deploy your SCIM bridge](#step-3-configure-and-deploy-your-scim-bridge)
- [Step 4: Connect your identity provider](#step-4-connect-your-identity-provider)
- [Update your SCIM Bridge](#update-your-scim-bridge)
- [Appendix: Resource recommendations](#appendix-resource-recommendations)
- [Get help](#get-help)

## Before you begin

> Before you begin, familiarize yourself with [PREPARATION.md](/PREPARATION.md) and complete the necessary steps there. You'll also need the following:

Author: That suggestion looks good to me. I'll also apply it to the other files.

For the preparation.md file, I can look into updating that in the future once we're done with this project and the DigitalOcean equivalent of it – I don't want too many changes to a bunch of files in this PR 😄

> Before you begin, familiarize yourself with [PREPARATION.md](/PREPARATION.md) and complete the necessary steps there. You'll also need the following:

Reviewer 3: > That suggestion looks good to me. I'll also apply it to the other files.

Great!

> For the preparation.md file, I can look into updating that in the future once we're done with this project and the DigitalOcean equivalent of it – I don't want too many changes to a bunch of files in this PR 😄

Yes, agreed. :) I tried to highlight any thoughts that went beyond this PR as out of scope, but I figured it would be worthwhile mentioning them in context here (and so I wouldn't forget later).

> - An Azure account with permissions to create a Container App.

Author: Good catch here! This was a leftover bullet point list from when there were more items, but we only have one now so let's just move it. I'll do that in a separate commit.

> [!NOTE]
> If you don't have a Azure account, you can sign up for a free trial with starting credit: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/

### In this folder

> - [`aca-op-scim-bridge.yaml`](./aca-op-scim-bridge.yaml): a Container App configuration file for 1Password SCIM Bridge that you can use when you deploy via the command line.

Author: That's a good point. I think we can just remove this, honestly. We explain it inline later in the article. @black-bryan would you be okay with us removing this small "In this folder" section?

> - [`aca-op-scim-bridge.yaml`](./aca-op-scim-bridge.yaml): a Container App configuration file for 1Password SCIM Bridge that you can use when you deploy via the command line.

Reviewer 2: @Penderworth I totally agree with Heather's recommendation here. No reason to have this in this folder section, if people are on GH, they can see the other files in this folder. 100%, this was just being "copied" from the style of other GH deployments such as K8.

> ### In this folder
> 
> - [`aca-op-scim-bridge.yaml`](./aca-op-scim-bridge.yaml): a Container App configuration file for 1Password SCIM Bridge that you can use when you deploy via the command line.

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Step 1: Configure the `scimsession` credentials

To connect the SCIM bridge with your 1Password account, you'll need to save the `scimsession` credentials as a secret variable in the Container App you create. These credentials need to be Base64-encoded to pass them into the environment, but they're saved as a plaintext file when you download them or save them in your 1Password account during the setup.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> You'll need to update the path to the `scimsession` file you saved during the preparation steps.

Use the following command for your shell to get the Base64 encoded contents of your `scimsession` file:

- **Bash**:

  ```bash
  cat ./scimsession | base64
  ```
- **PowerShell**:

  ```pwsh
  [Convert]::ToBase64String([IO.File]::ReadAllBytes((Join-Path $PWD.Path 'scimsession')))
  ```

Copy the output value to your clipboard to use it in the deployment, then save the encoded value in your 1Password account for future use:

> 1. Find the "scimsession file" item in your 1Password account.

Author: This assumes they followed the steps in preparation.md, and for this step the one that matters is to [prepare their 1Password account](https://github.com/1Password/scim-examples/blob/main/PREPARATION.md#prepare-your-1password-account). I can make a note of this for future improvement to that article, which should have stepped headers instead of the current ones that don't imply linear following.

4. Click **Enabled** to turn on ingress, then adjust the following:
	1. **Ingress Traffic**: Choose **Accept traffic from anywhere**.
	2. **Target Port**: Enter `3002`.

5. Click **Review + create** at the bottom of the page, then wait a moment for the page to load and click **Create.**

After the deployment is complete, click **Go to resource**, then continue to step 3.

> [!NOTE]
> The deployment will fail because it's expecting the second container to deploy successfully. Continue to step 3 to fully deploy the SCIM bridge.

## Step 3: Configure and deploy your SCIM bridge

### 3.1: Create a secret with your `scimsession` file

1. Choose **Secrets** from the Settings section in the sidebar.
2. Click **Add**, then enter `scimsession` in the Key field.
3. Paste the base64 value into the **Value** field. This is the `scimsession` item that you added to your account in [step 1](#step-1-configure-the-scimsession-credentials).
4. Choose **Add**, then wait until the secret is created.

### 3.2: Create a secret reference

1. Choose **Containers** from Application section in the sidebar.
2. Click **Edit and deploy**.

> 3. Hover over your **op-scim-bridge** container and select it, then click **Edit**.

Author: @HeatherRobb Ah yeah this one is funny. To see the checkbox for selecting the container, you have to hover over it. So I wanted to make that clear. Here are some screenshots.

Without hovering:

![no-hover](https://github.com/1Password/scim-examples/assets/6487393/448b2889-aa1f-4377-aba8-ffa96b6c9790)

On hover:

![hover](https://github.com/1Password/scim-examples/assets/6487393/19b61e86-c799-4a95-93fa-0b5324dfeac0)

> 3. Hover over your **op-scim-bridge** container and select it, then click **Edit**.

Reviewer 3: That's an unfortunate UI quirk (though perhaps there's a reason for it that I'm unaware of). Your instructions make perfect sense here.

4. Scroll down to the environment variables and adjust the following for the **OP_SESSION** variable:
	1. **Source**: Choose **Reference a secret**
	2. **Value**: Choose the **scimsession** secret.

5. Click **Save**.

### 3.3: Create a Redis container

1. Choose **Add** > **App container**.
2. Adjust the following:
    1. **Name**: Enter `op-scim-redis`.
    2. **Image source**: Choose **Docker Hub or other registries**.
    3. **Image and tag**: Enter `redis`.
    4. **CPU cores**: Enter `0.25`
    5. Memory (Gi): Enter `0.5`.
    6. **Environment variables**: Create one with`REDIS_ARGS` as the Name and `--maxmemory 256mb --maxmemory-policy volatile-lru` as the Value.

3. Click **Add**, then click **Next : Scale >**.

> 4. Drag both ends of the slider to select `1` in both **Scale rule setting** fields.

Author: Yeah this UI is a nightmare 😂 Your wording is an improvement! Thank you for helping me out.

> 4. Drag both ends of the slider to select `1` in both **Scale rule setting** fields.

Reviewer 3: It is a tricky UI to explain, that's for sure! It took me longer than I'd care to admit to get my head around it. 😆 It definitely helped to have the step you added there to work off of, though.

     ```pwsh
     [Convert]::ToBase64String([IO.File]::ReadAllBytes((Join-Path $PWD.Path '/path/to/<keyfile>.json')))
     ```

3. Open the Azure Portal and go to the [Container Apps](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.App%2FcontainerApps) page.

4. Choose **Secrets** from the Settings section in the sidebar.

5. Click **Add**, the fill out the following fields:
    1. **Key**: Enter `workspace-credentials`.
    2. **Value**: Paste the base64 value you just created.

6. Click **Add**, then wait until the secret is created.

#### Step 2: Download and edit the `workspace-settings.json` file

1. Download the [`workspace-settings.json`](./google-workspace/workspace-settings.json) file from this repo.
2. Edit the following in the .json file you downloaded:
3. 1. **Actor**: Enter the email address of the administrator in Google Workspace that the service account is acting on behalf of.
	2. **Bridge Address**: Enter your SCIM bridge domain (not your 1Password account sign-in address). This is the Application URL for your Container App found on the overview page. For example: `https://scim.example.com`.
4. Save the file.

> 5. Run the following command for your shell to create a base64 value for the file.

Author: Ah yeah that's my editor doing strange things. Good catch!

    - **Bash**:
    ```bash
    cat /path/to/workspace-settings.json | base64
    ```

>     - **Using PowerShell**:

Author: Thanks! Missed this one when I renamed the titles.

    ```pwsh
    [Convert]::ToBase64String([IO.File]::ReadAllBytes((Join-Path $PWD.Path '/path/to/workspace-settings.json')))
    ```

#### Step 3: Add the secrets to your container

1. Choose **Secrets** from the Settings section in the sidebar.
2. Click **Add**, then fill out the following fields:
     1. **Key**: Enter `workspace-settings`.
     2. **Value**: Enter the base64 value you just created.

3. Click **Add**, then wait until the secret is created.
4. Choose **Containers** from Application section in the sidebar.
5. Click **Edit and deploy**.

> 6. Hover over your **op-scim-bridge** container and select it, then click **Edit**.

Author: Resolving this one with my explanation above!

7. Scroll down to the environment variables and add a new one. Then fill out the following fields:
      1. **Name**: Enter `OP_WORKSPACE_CREDENTIALS`.
      2. **Source**: Choose **Reference a secret**.
      3. **Value**: Select the `workspace-credentials` secret.

8. Create another new variable and fill out the following fields:
      1. Name: **OP_WORKSPACE_SETTINGS**
      2. **Source**: Choose **Reference a secret**.
      3. **Value**: Select the `workspace-settings` secret.

9. Click **Save**, then click **Create**.

</details>

<hr>

## Update your SCIM bridge

> [!TIP]
> Check for 1Password SCIM Bridge updates on the [SCIM bridge release page](https://app-updates.agilebits.com/product_history/SCIM).

You can update your SCIM bridge in the [Azure Cloud Shell](#in-the-azure-cloud-shell-or-az-cli) or the [Azure Portal](#in-the-azure-portal).

### In the Azure Cloud Shell or AZ CLI

[Learn how to update 1Password SCIM Bridge in the Cloud Shell or AZ CLI.](https://support.1password.com/scim-update/#azure-container-apps)

### In the Azure Portal

> 1. Within Container App from the [Azure Container Apps Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.App%2FcontainerApps), Select **Containers** from the left hand side.

Author: That sounds good to me! I'll add this in a commit.

2. Click **Edit and deploy**.
3. Put a check in the box next to your **op-scim-bridge** container and select **Edit**.
4. Change the version number **2.9.0** in the **Image and Tag** field, **1password/scim:v2.9.0** to match the latest version from our [SCIM Bridge Release Notes page](https://app-updates.agilebits.com/product_history/SCIM).
5. Select **Save**.
6. Select **Create** to deploy a new revision using the updating image.
7. Log into your SCIM bridge URL with your bearer token to validate in the top left hand side that you are running the version of the SCIM Bridge. (logging in with the bearer token will also update your Automated User Provisioning page with the latest access time and with the current version).

## Appendix: Resource recommendations

> The pod for 1Password SCIM Bridge should be vertically scaled you provision a large number of users or groups. These are our default resource specifications and recommended configurations for provisioning at scale:

Author: I believe this does indeed refer to a Kubernetes pod. @black-bryan Could you please hop in here and let us know what would be helpful from a customer perspective?

| Volume    | Number of users | CPU   | memory |
| --------- | --------------- | ----- | ------ |
| Default   | <1,000          | 0.25  | 0.5Gi  |
| High      | 1,000–5,000     | 0.5   | 1.0Gi  |
| Very high | >5,000          | 1.0   | 1.0Gi  |

If you're provisioning more than 1,000 users, update the resources assigned to the SCIM bridge container to follow these recommendations. The resources specified for the Redis container do not need to be adjusted.

### Default

> To revert to the default specification that is suitable for provisioning up to 1,000 users, run the following command:

Reviewer 3: @Penderworth Looking at this line again, I think you were right to go with "up to 1,000" users here, since the next option is _between_ 1,000 - 5,000. Please disregard my "fewer than" suggestion.

```

## Get help

### Region support

When you create or deploy the Container App Environment, Azure may present an error that the region is not supported. You can review Azure documentation to make sure the region you selected supports [Azure Container Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-ca/explore/global-infrastructure/products-by-region/?regions=all&products=container-apps).

### Container App Name requirements

Your Container App Name, (the `ConAppName` variable) can contain lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens. It must be between 2 and 32 characters long, cannot start or end with a hyphen, and cannot start with a number. [Learn more about the naming rules and restrictions for Azure resources](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/resource-name-rules#microsoftapp).

### Viewing logs in Azure Container Apps

Logs for a container app can be viewed from the **Log Stream**, there is a separate log stream for both containers of the revision that is active. Often reviewing the logs of the **op-scim-bridge** container can help understand any startup issues.

### How to replace your `scimsession` secret in the deployment

> After you download a new `scimsession` file, follow the steps below to replace the existing one in your deployment.

Author: Hmm I'm not sure we need to given the context here implies they already did that. @black-bryan what do you think?

> After you download a new `scimsession` file, follow the steps below to replace the existing one in your deployment.

Reviewer 2: 100% it is implied that they have already download the new scimsession file. We could however link to: https://support.1password.com/scim-troubleshooting/#if-you-lose-your-bearer-token-or-session-file
But the wording on this AKB guide states redeploy your SCIM bridge, which is not always needed. 

Perhaps a separate issue is needed to alter the wording on our AKB guide to "Then [redeploy the SCIM bridge](https://support.1password.com/scim/#step-1-set-up-and-deploy-1password-scim-bridge), or replace your scimsession secret on your existing deployment."

> After you download a new `scimsession` file, follow the steps below to replace the existing one in your deployment.

Author: I'd vote to leave this as-is since it reads pretty clear to me, but @HeatherRobb let me know if you want to add a link or more info with what Bryan said in mind.

> After you download a new `scimsession` file, follow the steps below to replace the existing one in your deployment.

Reviewer 3: I'd be okay to leave this as-is, if everyone thinks it's clear. I reviewed this over a longer period of time, so I expect it had just been a while since I had read the information about creating the `scimsession` file. 😄

2. Click **Create**, then fill out the following fields:
      1. **Resource group**: Choose an existing Resource Group or create a new one.
      2. **Container app name**: Enter a name you'd like to use, such as `op-scim-con-app`.
      3. **Region**: Choose the region you prefer.
      4. **Container App Environment**: Choose an existing Container App environment or create a new one with the information in [step 2.1](#21-optional-create-a-new-container-app-environment).
3. If you didn't create a new Container App Environment, continue to [step 2.2](#22-continue-creating-the-container-app).

### 2.1: (Optional) Create a new Container App Environment

If you choose to create a new Container App Environment, give it a name that makes sense for your organization, such as `op-scim-con-app-env`. Then adjust the following:

1. **Environment type**: Choose **Consumption only**.
2. **Zone Redundancy**: Choose **Disabled**.

After you adjust these options, click **Create**.

### 2.2: Continue creating the container app

> 1. On the Create Container App page, click **Next : Container >**.

Author: Ah yeah, this is mainly because the UI has a space before and after the colon, which is rather absurd, so let's remove it.

    ```
    - **PowerShell**:
    ```pwsh
    az containerapp secret set `
    --name $ConAppName `
    --resource-group $ResourceGroup `
    --secrets workspace-creds="$([Convert]::ToBase64String([IO.File]::ReadAllBytes((Join-Path $HOME 'workspace-credentials.json'))))"
    ```
5. To restart your SCIM bridge so it can use the new secret, copy and paste the following command, replace `$ConAppName` and `$ResourceGroup` with the names from your deployment, and run the command.
    ```
    az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge --set-env-vars OP_WORKSPACE_CREDENTIALS=secretref:workspace-creds OP_WORKSPACE_SETTINGS=secretref:workspace-settings
    ```

</details>

<hr>

## Update your SCIM bridge in the Azure Portal

> [!TIP]
> Check for 1Password SCIM Bridge updates on the [SCIM bridge release page](https://app-updates.agilebits.com/product_history/SCIM).

1. Within Container App from the [Azure Container Apps Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#view/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.App%2FcontainerApps), select **Containers** from the sidebar.
2. Click **Edit and deploy**.

> 3. Put a check in the box next to your **op-scim-bridge** container and select **Edit**.

Author: A slight modification for less redundancy:

```suggestion
3. Select the checkbox next to your **op-scim-bridge** container, then choose **Edit**.
```

After you sign in to your SCIM bridge, the [Automated User Provisioning page](https://start.1password.com/integrations/active/) in your 1Password account will also update with the latest access time and SCIM bridge version.

## Appendix: Resource recommendations

The pod for 1Password SCIM Bridge should be vertically scaled you provision a large number of users or groups. These are our default resource specifications and recommended configurations for provisioning at scale:

| Volume    | Number of users | CPU   | memory |
| --------- | --------------- | ----- | ------ |
| Default   | <1,000          | 0.25  | 0.5Gi  |
| High      | 1,000–5,000     | 0.5   | 1.0Gi  |
| Very high | >5,000          | 1.0   | 1.0Gi  |

If you're provisioning more than 1,000 users, update the resources assigned to [the SCIM bridge container](#22-continue-creating-the-container-app) to follow these recommendations. The resources specified for the Redis container don't need to be adjusted.

> [!TIP]
> Learn more about [Container App Name (``ConAppName`) variable requirements](#container-app-name-requirements) that are referenced in the commands below.

### Default deployment

> If you're provisioning fewer than 1,000 users, run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
If you're provisioning up to 1,000 users, run the following command:
```

```sh
az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge \
  --cpu 0.5 --memory 1.0Gi
```

### Very high-volume deployment

If you're provisioning more than 5,000 users:

```sh
az containerapp update -n $ConAppName -g $ResourceGroup --container-name op-scim-bridge \
  --cpu 1.0 --memory 1.0Gi
```

## Get help

### Region support

When you create or deploy the Container App Environment, Azure may present an error that the region isn't supported. You can review Azure documentation to make sure the region you selected supports [Azure Container Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-ca/explore/global-infrastructure/products-by-region/?regions=all&products=container-apps).

### Container App Name requirements

Your Container App Name, (the `ConAppName` variable) can contain lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens. It must be between 2 and 32 characters long, cannot start or end with a hyphen, and cannot start with a number. [Learn more about the naming rules and restrictions for Azure resources](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/resource-name-rules#microsoftapp).

### Viewing logs in Azure Container Apps

> You can [view logs for a container app](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-apps/log-streaming?tabs=bash#view-log-streams-via-the-azure-portal) in the **Log Stream** area of your environment or container app in the Azure portal,. If you're having a start up issue with the SCIM bridge, reviewing the **op-scim-bridge** container logs can help you identify the problem.

Reviewer 3: Small link and punctuation fixes + options for "start-up" or "starting up":

```suggestion
You can [view logs for a container app](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/container-apps/log-streaming?tabs=bash#view-log-streams-via-the-azure-portal) in the **Log Stream** area of your environment or container app in the Azure portal. If you're having a start-up issue with the SCIM bridge, reviewing the **op-scim-bridge** container logs can help you identify the problem.
```

```suggestion
You can [view logs for a container app](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/container-apps/log-streaming?tabs=bash#view-log-streams-via-the-azure-portal) in the **Log Stream** area of your environment or container app in the Azure portal. If you're having an issue starting up the SCIM bridge, reviewing the **op-scim-bridge** container logs can help you identify the problem.
```
